what's up guys this is deafening 45 I'm
bringing you MCPE my labs but this is
this is actually a terrain mod it's not
supposed I'm not going to go into the
model as because it wouldn't look so
good as it does in this area is it don't
you take this place the sea looks
beautiful like don't you admit it looks
really good at infinite too but this is
the old world generation don't you see
the sea looks beautiful and look look
the grass is different what what so guys
as you see the title Optifine mod
basically what the Optifine mod is I
looked it up Optifine because I didn't
know what the heck in met I've defined
and minecraft language means better HD
textures and more of a wide vibrant of a
feel of Minecraft so basically this
optifine mod makes MCPE mcpc i don't
think you can tell that it's a little
bit more HD and the graphics wise but it
changes the textures of the grass which
is pretty cool I really don't understand
how this is a mod though so that sucks
you can't use this form servers and
stuff because it's a script mod and I
really would like if it was just a
texture pack because from all of what
I've seen and the and the Optifine stuff
from minecraft PC has off to find as a
texture pack and sometimes a mod but it
can be both but really I I would love
this to be a texture package i would
love to take this anywhere I want I
don't want it to be just a mod because
then I can't use it for servers sadly
because this this mod is amazing i love
how the grass is green it just it makes
Minecraft Pocket Edition feel a little
bit more vibrant and good so if you guys
want to see the seeds rezzy its capital
or lowercase e lower case is z lowercase
Z and lowercase Y so that's the seed I
will put a description below it is my
dog razzy razzy and this I was thinking
of reviewing the seed showcase so i
might review the seed because
this is rezzy seed as an amazing flower
biome in oil generation and infinite
generation so it's a pretty amazing feel
you gotta admit and plus with the
Optifine mod makes it twice as better so
yeah guys this is just a little much
okay so the Optifine mount hope you guys
like it hope you guys download it
because it's really amazing and props to
the moderator for making this amazing
mod so hope you guys like it I'll see
you guys later spin desing 45 this
really wasn't that long of a ma showcase
just a terrain mod see houses again
sitting out later spin doesn't 45 and
peace guys